[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> You are in for
a blessing today.
As you grow in self-awareness
and become more informed
by life's challenges, you
will treasure spending time
with my guest.
She is a light.
She is dedicated to the positive
aspects of healing and helping
millions and being the best
in body, mind, and spirit.
Hi, I'm Carolyn Craft.
And welcome to a
"World Of Wisdom."
Linda MacKenzie is an active
holistic health practitioner
and teacher of
alternative awareness.
She is hosting her
own radio show,
"Creative Help In Spirit," and
we're thankful to have her.
Welcome, Linda.
>> Thank you very much.
It's a pleasure to be here.
>> What I didn't add was you're
into over 10 million homes,
I think, with the radio show.
But before this even got
started, you were an engineer.
And probably one of the most
fascinating things about you
is the fact that you bring
that engineering background,
and then you became
God-based psychic.
How did that happen?
>> Well, boy, it was an
amazing journey, actually.
What happened was I saw God
when I was eight years old.
And then I had a lot
of different kinds
of psychic experiences
up to that point.
What happened then
was at about 23,
God said, well, stop this now.
And so I said, OK.
And I decided that I
would be an engineer.
So I was one of the first women
data communications engineers
in the airline industry.
And I designed satellite
systems and air-to-ground radio
and whatever.
And I did that for
about 18 years.
And then about three years ago,
God said, time to shift again.
And I said, what?
And he said, let's go.
And one thing led to
another, and I resurfaced
with my psychic abilities.
And it's just been
blossoming since then.
>> You know, I think
we're finding that some
of the greatest healers now.
Healers in all aspects are
receiving a lot of their wisdom
through divine appointment.
It's not like they're going
to a college or a university
to gain this knowledge.
I find it interesting, though.
It seems like the
engineering is left brain,
as I'm always joking about.
And then, the intuitive, the
psychic is back over here
on this other side.
>> Well, actually, I think--
and this is the word
according to Linda, which
may mean absolutely nothing--
but I think that the psychic
ability is somewhere between.
See, I believe that we use
10% part of our brains.
And when we learn to balance the
left side with the right side,
that we create an
access or a pathway
to the 90% part of the brain.
And that's where psychic ability
comes from, and self-healing.
And that was an
interesting story.
In 1987, I had the
chronic fatigue syndrome,
or Epstein-Barr virus.
And after five months of
hectic search by the doctors,
from brain tumors to whatever,
they told me what I had.
And they told me to go home.
And there was no help with that.
And so through hypnosis
and nutrition and vitamins
and herbs, I've healed myself.
And I've been sickness
free since 1992.
>> You think that launched
what you're doing now?
>> Yes, it did.
Because also, one of the
things that God wanted me to do
was to tell people that
there is hope in life,
that we must face our fears, and
for me to give out information.
So everything I do in
this life from now on
is to give out information
in truth and integrity.
>> You have such a personal
relationship with God.
What do you say to
those people that
are seeking the same thing?
>> Look to your heart.
Trust in your heart.
And know that he's there.
Really, it's very
simple, actually.
Surrender.
In every aspect of your life--
body, mind, spirit,
emotional, mental,
whatever you want to do.
If you surrender and
know that God is there,
he'll be there
100% at all times.
>> And surrendering takes
different shapes, doesn't it?
>> And different times.
I'm still in the path of
surrendering, you know.
It's part of the growth
and the change process.
And it gets tough.
Sometimes you surrender, and
sometimes, it hits you again,
and you gotta learn
to surrender again.
>> But don't we learn every
time that we do surrender?
And I know it's true surrender.
It's truly being in a
place of not knowing
what the next step is, and not
relying on just the intellect
or experience to
show you the way.
But really trusting that
there can be a paradigm shift.
And I'm going to be
changed and rearranged
to do things differently.
That's a true surrender.
>> Yes, it is.
And there's also
another key point
is when we want to be on
our path, whichever that is.
It doesn't have to
be something great,
because if we're
contributing to society
and helping people,
however small,
we're doing what
we're meant to do.
But some of the tricks of
it is to live in the moment.
Remember, if we
live in the past,
it stops us from
healing, even healing,
because illness is
associated with remembering--
I mean, illness is
associated with forgetting,
and health is associated with
remembering in the brain.
I am going for my PhD in
clinical hypnotherapy.
So if I talk a lot about
the left and right brain,
this is where that comes from.
And so we need to
live in the moment.
Forget the past,
because it's over.
And the future has
so many variables.
So if we live in the moment,
we can enjoy each moment
as it unfolds, like
a petal of a flower.
And we can use all our senses
and taste, and and enjoy it
for what it is,
or learn from it.
>> What is forgetting the past?
What does that look like,
or what does it feel like?
How can I experience
forgetting the past?
>> Well, that's a good question,
because I think it's different
for everyone.
And everyone is different.
The way we heal is different.
Our spirits are different.
Our minds are different.
And so we really need
to acknowledge that.
So the feeling of letting
go of the past is, to me--
I can speak in my context--
it's like having a
breath of fresh air
and knowing that everything
around you is in focus.
You can taste and touch
and smell and just live it.
It's a fulfilling feeling, like
a feeling part in your heart
and your body and your mind.
>> Well, and if I have
forgotten something,
or really released it-- and
when I think of forgetting,
I think of not entertaining
those thoughts about the past
that create any sort of blocks
for us, being in the moment,
or going forward.
But then, I'm in a position or a
relationship or re-enter family
situations or whatever.
And I think that I
have let that go.
And I find out that I haven't.
>> Because if you look at it,
there's another little piece
that you have to
acknowledge first.
So before we let
anything go, we need
to acknowledge that it's
there, that it exists.
Then we can let it go.
And my big words on all my
tapes is to feel trust and know.
>> And in your
engineering background,
I know you were quite popular,
but there are a lot of people
that still know you
from that reputation.
Was it a subtle shift,
or was it a major?
>> It was a major.
And they pulled me kicking
and screaming into this.
Because, well, my girlfriend--
God as well.
But my girlfriend
is an astrologer.
And she did my chart.
And she said, you need
to be doing readings.
You need to be out there.
And I just said, well,
I'm not sure about this.
I mean, I helped
all the way through.
But I wasn't quite sure.
And so she says, well,
I'm sending you people.
And people started
calling me from England.
And then I manufactured
110 products
in alternative
medicine and awareness
to give out information
in a positive light,
to eliminate fear
of something new.
Because the only constant
in life is change.
And I seem to be changing
every day into something.
And I'm always doing the
thing that I'm supposed to do.
And I trust that.
So I started out with
manufacturing some products.
And then I went and had
manufactured some tapes.
And they were all on healing.
And I started going on radio
and did this as guest spots.
And I went for my clinical
hypnotherapy degree.
And they heard on the tapes.
And they said I had
combined the top three
methods in hypnotherapy
innately on the tapes.
>> Naturally?
>> Naturally, just, you know.
And then they went ahead and
put me in their PhD program.
So I did that.
And then I went into radio.
And I started my own show.
And we've been on the
air now for about--
oh, about a year and
a couple of months.
>> --been very successful.
>> I have helped over 1,066
people in a year in one hour
on a Sunday.
My goal is to help
one person a day.
So I'm very ecstatic
about all this.
>> Do you feel or think that
other people can learn to be
psychics, or can learn
to be more psychic?
>> Yes.
And they also need to
trust their own selves
and their own heart.
Because there is a
lot of different ways
to get to God, which is really
what being psychic is about.
>> It takes some of the scary
stuff away from it when you say
like that.
>> And I am a God-based psychic.
And I'm right there.
And he's with me.
And I talk to him.
And he guides me.
And I trust him.
And I have a lot
of peace from that.
And this way, I get to help
other people all of the time.
>> So in someone trusting
their heart that helps in order
to develop their own psychic
awareness or their channels
to receive information--
and I use the word
channel lightly--
but receive
information from God?
>> Yes.
And there's a knowing.
Now, everyone has this knowing.
And everybody has
the concept of truth.
Whether we choose
to use it or not
is, again, up to
that individual.
Because God is very good.
He gives us the methods and
ways to control our own lives.
We control our own lives.
However, if we do
make a mistake--
where there is no
mistakes, by the way,
because it's only a path to take
a look at what we've done so we
can progress to our next step--
but say, we decide that
we've taken a wrong path.
And you'll get to
relive it over and over
and over again, as if you're
picking the wrong man all
the time.
You'll get him again and again.
Because he'll give you lots
of opportunities to learn.
>> It's good to hear too, when
you were saying earlier about
the surrender, that
there are plateaus.
And we might go back
into a situation
and still have a feeling
or experience that we
haven't forgotten or let it go.
But just to know that we
haven't lost ground in any way.
We're going to be right back.
I do want to let
our viewers know
that you have a
book called "Inner
Insights, The Book
of Charts" by Linda
MacKenzie, alternative medicine
and awareness quick reference
chart.
So we're going to
be talking more
about this when we come back.
Stay with us.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Welcome back to
"A World Of Wisdom."
I'm speaking with
Linda MacKenzie.
She's the author of "Inner
Insights, The Book of Charts."
And a wonderful question
is to know why you wrote
the book in the first place.
It's pretty thorough.
>> Well, no one had a reference
book on alternative medicine
and awareness.
And so what we want to
do is educate people
and eliminate fear.
The only constant thing
in life is change.
And so to effect
positive ways to change,
I wanted to give people
alternate methods
to take a look at,
rather than just some
of the standards that don't
seem to be working quite as
well anymore.
>> It takes a lot of the
scare out, too, the book does,
in a lot of different terms.
>> But it's very easy
because what I've designed is
a reference book that has 78
quick reference charts on 40
different topics, from
acupressure to Western
elements.
So if someone wanted to know
something about aromatherapy
or Bach Flowers or
numerology or astrology,
or what Native American
animals mean in your dreams,
or kabbalah, it's
all in one book.
And so what it does is it
allows people to figure out
what they would like
to be interested in,
go out and buy more
books on the subject.
And when they're done, they can
go ahead and use my book again
as a quick reference
chart again.
>> I think this also speaks
to your earlier statement that
they're all different
paths, I mean,
different ways to get to God.
You know, Linda, you've
talked about God as a him.
Why is that so for you?
>> Why is that?
>> And we've also heard
mother, father, god.
>> I know, I know, I know.
Well, as you know
that I believe,
is that there are many
paths to get to God.
And in my vision,
growing up as a Catholic.
And when I saw God when
I was eight years old,
he manifested
himself in my vision.
And it was a man with the
white beard and whatever.
And so whenever I am blessed
to be in the presence of God--
which isn't often,
he's pretty busy,
yet he's there for each
one of us at all times--
he's always in this man.
Or, I see his robe, or
his foot, or wherever
I'm supposed to be at the time.
But I believe that God
will manifest himself
to you as you perceive him.
Because perception is a
very big thing in life.
When I do healing or psychic
readings, you know, I'll say,
the our father,
which is my standard.
And I get my ego out of the way.
And then I kind of feel.
I'm a clear sentient.
There's many different
kinds of psychics.
>> Clear sentient, what is that?
>> I probably
pronounced it wrong.
>> Well, I know I did.
>> You know, being born in New
York and living in California
and traveling the world,
we never know how I'm going
to pronounce things.
What is a clear sentient,
I feel what you're feeling.
And everyone is
comprised of energy.
Now, here's that engineering
mind as well as the right brain
creative side of me.
We're all comprised of energy.
It's either electromagnetic
or electrical energy.
And everything has energy--
trees and flowers
and everything.
And so therefore, as we
are using this energy,
I go into your energy path.
And the way I do it is
like a cellular telephone.
It's the best way
to describe it.
You can't see the
signal, but I'm there.
And I kind of go in, and I feel.
It's a sense, a knowing.
And then whoever is connected
to you, there's a cord of energy
to that person, or people that
are coming into your life,
there's energy.
>> I'm not doubting.
I'm saying that's true,
but I've heard that.
>> And so what I do is it's like
microseconds or milliseconds.
And I'm over in their path.
And I can sense what
they're feeling.
>> There isn't a sense
of time, though, is it?
>> No, time is.
Time is human.
>> It is, though.
>> God doesn't have time, yes.
Yeah.
And most psychics, when
you're talking to them,
if they're giving
you a time, you
have to give them
a little leeway.
Because we're in a space or a
realm where time is irrelevant.
>> Are there-- and I'm
going to use this word,
and I don't even
like to use it, but--
good and bad, or good
and not-so-good psychics?
And I'm not asking you to make
any judgment on someone else.
But in general?
>> Well, most of the readings
that I do are for other
psychics.
That was very amazing to me.
And part of my
venue is to get them
to their next step,
wherever it may be.
Now, here's the difference.
There are people who
are intuitive that
are calling themselves psychic.
It's too different.
>> And the difference is?
>> The difference is, is
that when you get a psychic
feeling-- first off,
to reach the levels,
you have to be on a personal
growth path to be able
to accept the power and the
responsibilities of this.
It's a very hard job,
because you can not interfere
with that person's life path.
You need to give them.
And so I'm a little
different kind of psychic.
I tell them, don't call me back.
I'm giving you the tools
to empower yourself.
Because what better way?
And then once they
empower themselves,
they help other people.
So I'm a little different
than most psychics.
But there's a
physical manifestation
when you're having a
psychic experience in lieu
of a intuitive experience.
For me, the small of
my back gets numb.
Other people, their
stomach may flutter,
or their eyelids may
flutter, or they'll
get a sensation in their hands.
>> And you know at that point,
you are connected with this
other individual or--
>> --with God.
And God is doing, or
with whatever he's chosen
to provide for me at that time.
Because sometimes,
it's not, you know?
It's the path.
He'll let me do it on my own.
>> So how is this different,
then, from intuition?
>> Intuition can only go so far.
Everyone's intuitive.
Everyone has hunches.
Everybody's psychic.
Everyone in the world
has psychic abilities.
And you stockbroker will
tell you that all the time.
>> So would you see yourself--
I'm not touting you or
patronizing you in a way, but--
would you see yourself
among the many
and yet-- compared to the
whole population-- the few that
might be showing us some
examples of how we can find
that ability within ourselves?
>> What seems to be happening
with my life is that whoever
needs me comes.
So I don't question.
I don't put myself
on any kind of level.
I just am who I am.
And everyone has value.
>> The power of the
thought, I think,
it's the most powerful thing
that we can begin to understand
in our waking state.
And as our human
being evolving state,
it is one of the
most powerful things.
And I don't know,
every day I work
with this, what's happening
in my thoughts right now.
What am I manifesting?
What are some of
the things that you
can say to us about getting
a grip on those things that
are going through our
heads at all times?
>> Well, I have a
little exercise I give.
Because there's a lot
of stress in the world.
And there's all sorts
of stress, you know?
There's emotional electrical
stress from the wires,
and environmental stress.
And there's nutritional stress
when we don't get our vitamins.
And this stress makes
our power of thought
erratic because we're
getting hit on all sides.
I mean, it's very hard today
in all walks of life, you know?
It's just very, very tough.
So what I do is
say, take a minute
and get rid of the stress.
And how you do that is you say
to yourself, I've got a minute.
And I'm going to give myself
a break in one minute.
I'm going to allow
all the emotions
to come out and process.
And at the end of that minute,
I am going to be centered.
I'm going to be whole.
And I'm going to be at peace.
And you close your eyes, and
you take a look at the clock
before you close your
eyes at the time.
And you close your eyes.
And I see fantastic colors
when I get emotional,
because I'm processing
emotion all the time.
I'll see all this red light
and different colors, you know?
And so, it's an amazing thing.
And then that will get me back
to center and back to peace.
There's another way to do that
is to think of your stomach
chakra.
Think of your stomach
so that it centers you.
So there's all sorts
of little tricks.
And that's part of my
thing, is to give it.
And my radio show does this.
We do nothing but short
stuff on information,
alternative medicine awareness.
Let's learn it.
Let's do it.
>> We're glad to have you
on "Wisdom Radio" too.
And we're going to have
to close this time.
And we will have another
segment with you.
But in the meantime, I want
to let our viewers know
about the "Inner Insights,
The Book of Charts"
by Linda MacKenzie,
alternative medicine
and awareness quick
reference charts.
And I think we're going to be
seeing a little bit of this
during the break.
And it's been a pleasure
meeting with you.
And until next time, you've been
watching "The World of Wisdom."
I'm Carolyn Craft
with Linda MacKenzie.
Stay tuned.
[MUSIC PLAYING]